Okay, let's see what these
people's moves are because I'm lost here, but let
's go, lost, no, the next thing is, okay, let's see,
I'm going to start here in the order
that they sent me p things, okay. And I don't
know what it's about,
honestly.
Wait, it tells me to eliminate
two hosts that I don't have, okay, I can, I'm
not starting right away, eh. Don't cut me off at all,
okay, let's see, I understand that these are the
spaces for these devilish ladies,
okay. And by the ball I just recognized, no.
And then they get there, they get
together, not to annoy people, let's
say that they don't like them,
no.
Wait, it tells me to eliminate
two curies that I don't have, okay, I can, no, let's
see, yes, yes, I'm starting right away, eh. Don't
cut me off at all, okay, Pilar, come on, okay, okay, okay, let's
see, someone comes up and
tells her that she's going to say something and she goes around
warning me not to cut her off, don't
cut her off at all, let's see, for those who
are listening, the first one, Lola, [ __ ] off
Lola, you're going to leave  you okay
Lola but first you have to see if you're worth it because I do
n't think you're worth it even for that
but [ __ ] off you're going to go and
annoying old [ __ ] [ __ ]
cmilo and and and and you're stupid Look, the only
annoying one there is you, you filthy girl, you're
very filthy Hey, but with this I'm
completely sure that Pilar Vera does
n't agree because I saw
Pilar Vera's tit today criticizing all the
people who hang out with me, including
me, because you can't have any more
vocabulary. This is Pilar Vera, the worst
of the group, I'm completely sure because you do
n't even have the status to be a pig,
you're filthy and whenever you want, give me
permission and I'm going to play the audios
that I sent you cilo because you're very
cmilo and now for karma cmilo also
another cmilo this karma don't
mention my husband's name as
husband again, don't address me as husband
okay Because you're a pig Filthy pig
wipe your mouth you filthy [ __ ] okay Don't
mention my husband, I have no idea
who he is. Eh, I have no idea who he is  the one who is
speaking but [ __ ] the
level if it is that every time a
new one comes out speaking it is worse my mother for
nothing is it worth the friends of Pilar Vera who
told you that she did not tell you that she told
you that she did not tell you okay filthy Wash your mouth do
not mention my husband for anything that I do not
want your condolences filthy okay you
are very filthy Wash your mouth
you have no education and I
repeat that if I caught you with the
ice cream cart today no no
Consuelo did not leave the
live what you put in the live
filthy you are very filthy okay And it
is not that no I have not left what is
put in the live But if I have not
touched any live why do you lie
mother of God I have been freaking out
no mother of
God or at least I why do you
do it any person who
questions the person they
represent you have free rein to do
everything you are
doing that is
clear you cannot question you cannot
give information You cannot give an opinion
unless  that is to say that everything is
good, nice and cheap because as soon as
anything is questioned you have
free rein to do what you are doing
with the people who question what they think or who
talk about the information that
comes out, my goodness, Consuelo is
saying here that she considers that
Antonio David approves of this but
well that is a little daring no and I
tell you one thing you go ahead Marimar
another person and the platform of
course for having consented and
consenting to all this that is why they
pass me the spaces that is why they record them
because I am going to take
legal action and because thank God I have been
able to and I have contacts and I have met
contacts here in Ayamonte who can
help me my goodness ah that
wait thing was referring to Consuelo when they
were saying about the pig and all
that Yolanda jumps and comes back up for whatever reason the
same thing happens like it
happened to Diego Arabal whose channel has
had one of those strange attacks one of
those strange attacks the strange attacks that
people's channels are having
I can tell you what they are attacks of
jealousy attack
listen to me they're putting in the chat
that Antonio had blocked the
Indian seriously he blocked the Indian he got
angry I'm getting fed up with blocking and
blocking and blocking girls and we're going to see
the brave ones approved I mean they compare themselves
to Diego Arrabal's channel okay I
have to tell you that here we are all
a little freaked out really a
little freaked out there are no
cyber attacks really listen to me there are no
weird stories There are just
platform updates they happen
tiktok they happen YouTube it happens in x it happens
everywhere Ah so there's a
platform update no no So that's what
they're referring to when they said that all my
enemies have received a
YouTube notice of an attack no I can't
believe it no I can't believe they're
referring to that
come on tell me
no wait let's see if I have it
here I can't believe that's what they're
referring to
my inbox my
inbox is like to locate or by hand
quickly
eh let's
see I mean the other day the platform
was sending us a message that said
something  as well as check that you have
verified or that you have your account secure I don't
remember any of those things, no I
mean but of course they sent that to
all of us who have a YouTube channel
because they are things that come out on the
platform and and it notifies you and that you
use them and I don't know what I can't believe that they are
referring to that
eh that they are making a fuss about that
eh Well I say to Rabal it was eh
checking they are
constantly doing updates so you have to be
patient I mean don't get so freaked out with
cyber attacks and with stories like
these eh Really eh Pilar I mean
yours is surreal comparing yourself to Diego ar
ramal How do you not want me to laugh if you
are the national parody I mean do you
remember that program they did on
Antera 3 of the national parody where they
came out singing copla and things like that
with political themes I see them in the
national parody in that program What a
real character for real before
continuing listening to her eh our girl
sends space of X who are the
standard bearers  to defend Antonio David
eh they are the standard-bearers to defend
Antonio David and they are from a space on
Twitter of X that they open it and then
remove it because of course how are they going to leave
this up they open it and remove it
Eh then of course no no no it's the one from
tiktok imagine you're on tiktok the one they
were going to start you're on tiktok my goodness my goodness my goodness
Conran these are
like to be Conran in their prime
Amanda let's keep listening and moving
forward Marimar come on Marimar well
solve the problems Marimar what a
piece too
eh let's go let's go from the cyberattack look I
told you last night I'm not going to talk about
these ghosts if they don't pee get out of it
Look, before the fias, garulo,
listen, escape, calm down, garulo Look, garrulo, it
's you, not the boss,
son of a [ __ ], you and all your [ __ ]
dead people. Hey, but I think Pilar
Veras doesn't like this, eh Because I
swear to you that the other day when I got into
Pilar Vera's Twitter. Well, if further
away today today today today Pilar  Vera She
was complaining about my ways
because yesterday I spilled my guts to a girl who
was
lying look today Pilar Vera was
criticizing me I'll comment on this later in
the youth section okay to a girl that I
had to stop the extra yesterday
because he was posting some tweets
lying about me and Fran okay And
well Pilar Vera is really offended by
my ways eh And she's there like always
and it's like But you have these people in the space
Pilar with you in front
also with you in front which is not to say
well no no with you in front in your
space I mean what the
[ __ ] what the [ __ ] is this girl up to
Shameless eh I told you
not to load them with the carajillos
okay don't load them with the
carajillos because you're not in a position to
expose yourself publicly speak on a
public channel okay look whenever you want
eh Look tomorrow if you want
explain to me why you had problems
with shared custody
I didn't have any problem
he didn't have any problem it's that they
're
constantly lying to you they're
constantly lying to you in the first instance I don't know  They
granted it for
work hours But he has
shared custody they are lying to you and you are
lying to yourself in a very bad mud very bad I
warn you Marimar I
warn you when he treats you with
those words it is because you have
treated him before And because you are
dropping very ugly insinuations and that are
lies okay they are
lies but do not worry Marimar
that as you say I know your name and
your
surname Do not worry Marimar And if you
have ovaries or if you have a [ __ ] they
report
complaints of course I
tell you go run to the civil guard or
go run to the court on duty that you
have at hand
complaints because all this is not going to
stay
here all this is not going to stay here
because I have all this even if you
delete it Even if Pilar ver irn deletes it I
have it And what's more I am going to tell you now so that you
all know and I am going to tell you
x is informed of this situation okay
and I have told x that since he does not take
measures the emails that he
has x of mine and his
answers will also be presented
So that you see that the platform has not
taken any kind of
measure and I am not going to report the
space, I am going to bring it to the attention
of Qui I have to report it but not to the
space but to the people who
speak and the platform will have been harmed
by not having taken the
necessary measures And if you want to do the
same to me that you have threatened to
report the live shows that I also have that you
have threatened to take down
the channel because these are the
guidelines that you
have because maybe you are very
afraid that I will speak or someone is
very afraid that I will speak, be careful, try to
continue doing it Because it will also be
shown because I remind you that it is my
means of work, you are a jobi what you
have there but this is my means of
work and you have been attacking me for a long
time and I have it all, be careful Consuelo believes
that these are the guidelines that have been
given to them, I have never had problems with the
custody of my daughter You have Then
explain to me to see if you have balls
Why did you have problems with
shared custody Of course I have balls stop it Of course I
have  balls to
explain it to you I've already explained it to you but
since you're so dumb and so short I'm
telling you that I The only problem that I
could have is the one that
millions of men still have in this
[ __ ] country she hasn't had any
problems because she's a normal woman that's it
What problem is she going to have of course What
problem is she going to have
normal look what she tells you Majo listen to her
milk listen a little man, give her a little
come on a little bit your life since you
are a character if you are a
public figure you yes I no You yes eh And
your stupid wife who laughs like a seal
Silvestre Hey this is Pilar's space
see irum you this why don't you
put it on Twitter the clips to
share it that she is on Twitter
all day saying that we have to see the
other day she went into one of the
kids' space to say that we the
objective Oh why didn't I put a time on the
objective how much has the objective been left
Oh I was wrong I didn't put a temporary No
oh the
objective is over I don't know How many has it been
left at 11
Oh I know  has forgotten I have forgotten
this is every day says tesa [ __ ] what a
mouth
man what a vocabulary what people what people
we are generous wow
Antonia's new friends not
tesa with what they defend the
honor mother of love what ladies
eh let's do something to make up for
it with the objective okay I was
wrong and I gave it very little time
surely Oh I'm going to define another
objective but I'm going to put that they are of
any color what do you mean of
any color Well any color does it
mean that they can be super chat
of 50
cents 50 cents okay all the
objectives will appear on the screen I mean
all the Super chat even if they are 50
cents will appear on the screen let's
see if we get to 50 [ __ ] [ __ ] of
mine But if they are just released you have
not waited you have not
released it you have not waited my sister you
are very
impatient let's see meatball to me
nobody It seems a lie that the
sixteenths have not told you already the sucker that you
have that they have not told you already that
Nobody controls me, my goodness No wait,
no one controls you, normal, no
one because you are like
that But you know that you act like that
because that's how you keep the
people who interest you happy And
you know why you act like that
because I do know a
phrase if you really want to go after those
people, long, long spaces and be
strong and don't
sink and history repeats itself Ah the
migraine and history repeats itself
my goodness don't come to me with nonsense that you do it
to keep the
people happy that you know you want to keep
happy Of course I said that of course
Lauderi had posted a tweet the day
after the Of course I said that of course
the pseudo-journalist had posted the
pseudo-journalist Who is one of the cold ones
saying not to worry that Amparo is
alive Oh I can't believe it I can't
believe that again with that but what's
coming What's coming with that and you said on
Saturday like man like
kiss Peace honey a kiss
sweetheart come on how
heavy how heavy this is with family
kiss How are you est mu call out there Today it had
n't happened that much either some
material damages you  you expected that there had been
some personal misfortune for
the translation The
translation I follow Consuelo and she is very
polite and coherent good person
Consuelo is good
person Consuelo is
really stupid you are
stupid this because of the cockroaches face crying
with
laughter
Hey I can't open WhatsApp right now
with
the Hey in a in a don't see you are in a
you have uploaded
C it was that within the situation
that day that live was done nobody
knew the magnitude of
Nadana's case aj nobody knew okay But if
you explain this to these people it doesn't matter
they are going to turn it around and
twist it and you know
what and what was coming is that they had been
material things but that she
was fine how am I going to expect
something bad to happen to her you do
that what is what the translation they
gave to Dana's thing that could have
been the
unfortunate moment coincidentally obviously
because it was not planned not the moment of
Marina telling that but the translation that
the threat they made to us Well they
made us  direct threats of
violence this is the effect of so much
pacharn Oh the pacharn at certain times
eh Rosa Thank you sweetheart I mean when it
was simply an unfortunate moment
and they took all the weight off what was
said at the moment and well well well
And using the Dana as a weapon against
us, well, it seemed like they
were blaming us for having
done the Dana what do you constantly wish for,
really, this is you an idiot you
are very wrong
Marimar but very wrong How strong if
each Spaniard gives a peseta
but not to me where they have that they are the
best of X this is [ __ ] caramel
but of course a kiss thank you very much
the thing is that these people are the
ones who point the finger at us eh I mean
this is the opposite side what you did
eh with Jos Alcaide eh yes I have his
phone number he says that my friend Paqui has
his phone number Well I don't know if my friend
Piqui has his phone number or not but I think
that there are a lot of people who appreciate Jos
Alcaide and they can tell him eh what a son of a
[ __ ] you are being [ __ ] I know Well
one day he also decides to tell
experiences he's had
with you then you say that he's also so
ignorant that what I said last night me
Why does it piss you off so much that's what pisses you off is what they
're trying to
shut me up I've always told you I've always told you
happy Well one day he also decides
to tell experiences he's had
with you then you say that he's also so
ignorant that what I said last night me
Why does it piss you off so much that's what pisses you off is
what they're trying to shut me up I've
always told you I've always told you
happy they're the ones who send them to
shut me up so I don't talk
so I don't
say what kind of person they
are so I don't
tell the truth that I know what
Consuelo knows damn the truth that I
know and the dirty game that Jos played
alca what do you want with that Romn record
the pieces that you see so that way every
day
damn Romn how strong a kiss Majo a
kiss Majo
eh how
heavy my god yes already already sick forever  record record
the clicks that you see
for later for the kids What's wrong with
me Carmen no a a tien this is more than
a space dx it seems like a meeting of ladies
with the best education But with your mouth
closed this is a beast eh let's say it's a beast
let's see eh it's
nothing less than a pig, a pig, a [ __ ], a filthy [ __ ], it's
not that it's tremendous Look at me the fact that they
have a bun and that they insult
each other, well okay, I mean they're
rabble and there's no more okay to me What
I like the most, looking at it from my perspective
Okay, when they start acting
indignant and angry because I was
convicted of insults, some
prazolan pills to relax, a pill, a
kiss, bell, you know, I mean, when they
then start pointing fingers at others That
's what's important here when they come, I mean, you have to save all these clicks okay, I don't save everything, well, not everything from these people, but you have to save it, those of you Majo and those of you in space, okay, for when
then for example imagine I lose a
trial because I insulted a youtuber well
then you send him this
compilation okay eh you send him this
compilation to remind them that
they could perfectly well be
sentenced no obviously not for the
dirty game he played but wow people then he
retired but
yes Jos alcaide there are many people who
are fond of him of course those who do
n't those who don't know him well those who don't
know him well Now I wonder
Marimar that Jos alcaide It seems that he
is not a clean wheat that was clear
and I for but no and I know that it is not a
clean tribe long live paid work
a kiss Well then you've had 11
super chat again okay I would cut it
here because the last time
monetized there was a lot of stuff eh with the
monetization issue eh So I would say
that you would cut it here eh
today's monetization eh with
today's monetization it's
really enough to pay for the
thumbnails and those little things okay Nuri
Cris how quiet you were today not because
not there through the chat,
no. You think it's the same affection that
Jos Alcaide has for the people who
have
affection for him, that guy,
no, one day I think all the
garbage will come out, eh, one day I think all
the garbage will come out, my captain the sad one, all
are insults, they will know some verb
Mercedes, how glad I am to see you out there,
why did you change your photo? I almost don't
recognize you if you do
n't tell me about the captain. Well, yes, that's the little mouth these people have. This is the little mouth these people have. And I'm being generous when I tell them, people. No, so as not to fall into the same thing they are, not the same thing as them,
no, a kiss, Mercedes,
beautiful Oru and Karime, out there renewing for 27
months. Karime, eh, 27 months is almost open,
telesalseo, no, 27
months, 27 months has almost opened, telesalseo.
No, no, no, man, telesalseo
with the jokes, it can be 4 years in the summer, no, damn, what
little mouths
these ladies have, people with their hand on their
forehead, no, don't say that, Helen, a kiss.
Thank you very much, 4 years, maybe  carry
telesalseo no 4 years it's going to be telesalseo
in the summer
dude we're getting old
together the ship is sinking
real family
no
CP CP you just got me bouncing
Javier is the lno that every mother-in-law
would want Well the thing is that you just made me
a joke bouncing that I'm not going to
do but I'll keep it to myself for my
mind the joke that you left me
bouncing because I think that yes there are
people maybe who stay ats with
that a kiss a kiss a kiss 40 months it's
been open right now it says tesa
40 is there anyone who has 40 members out of
40 members I would like to have 40
members Hey rascal is there anyone who has been a
member for 40 months around here or
what not but we members have to
wake up we're also always here
but it's that I don't insist much on that
eh the members the truth is that it's not
something it's that what makes me angry about the
members It's that suddenly you get excited
and you see yourself for a month with damn the salsera
recently almost 6000 members dude almost
6000 members what happens is that since
many are given away like many
are given away when it's like that eh And
the day of the month comes around you go boom and you
get such a hard time that it
demotivates you Damn it demotivates you So now it's
like we don't put in much We members don't ask for
much But
well you want to know what Jos
alcaide thinks about your friend
Antonio David's collaborator
damn I do want to know
Consuelo I don't know if she wants to
know but I do she Maybe she really
likes her Hey we should see what you
think we should do a live
interview with Consuelo and have Consuelo tell us
everything would you do it I
mean Consuelo tell us everything right away
everything look over there
kmm she just gave away five members So I
want you to send them a
huge kiss Wait what's your name I'm sending you
for one thing let's see now she's sending me a
live from
Antonio that I don't know why Pili is sending it to me I do
n't know if it has to do with it or if it
's something else
okay let's just say
stop they're like
crushed cereal
That's the question
Charlie's Angels No because Charlie's Angels
eh let's say that
for the profession that they have which is
high risk they eh eat
fitness you know
they chase after a moment a moment
Charlie's Angels a
moment how strong with thieves eh they do
martial arts eh they have a
high risk profession as I'm saying
therefore they eat fitness And then they
don't try this filthy stuff because of
course they have a great body the three of them that
flip it out his name is panco panco panco but
no a m a d they have that I don't understand what she
's talking about that you tell us weave
[Music]
Fernanda you have given it let's go that I'm not going to It would
be good if you raised your yupa e It's that
what happens is that Fran has asked like that
the subject be left a little
not rested also no and I think that I
think that's also good Not for anything
but because [ __ ] I mean we have talked a
lot about the subject no So why do we
want more No but well I am a
little in agreement with the opinion of your yupa I mean
evidently we are worried
Hey for whatever not that could
happen but the  true Let's see I don't know I don't
see it either one thing that arrives in the
truth I don't know cook and I bring it
because not very well panco That's in a little
red bag like such And then
spectacular They are incredible I
recommend that you do it like this the fillets
the chicken breasts that the truth is that they
are good they come out delicious they come out very
delicious come on okay Bye that's it eh
caperochipi is saying that he pees No I'm
already finished with the with kitchen with Ade
now we have to see That I left that cooking thing
with Had eh
ngeles thank goodness we
have to see That I left that
cooking thing with n eh
ngeles [ __ ] this could be a joke
for the
editor thank goodness let's
see
thank goodness says
Paqui But why why are they
throwing the editor
now why are they throwing the editor
now says Sandra and for you Javi and for
me Why I mean I who have to see
there you know that we are about to reach
141,000
members member [ __ ] Can you imagine having
140,000 members
family would work less than  the Three
Wise Men, I uh with 140,000 members Eh
well you wouldn't give them to me either.
Of course, you
know that I think that there are about
twenty-something subscribers missing
to reach
141,000 subscribers. Sorry, no members. I'm
missing 20 subscribers to reach
141,000 and the truth is that I'm happy
because, well, you know that I'm not a
numbers person because I don't care about numbers.
eh. I don't care about the numbers, I don't care about
the audiences, I don't care about the I don't know what, I don't care. I don't
know
how many, but
[ __ ], how long have we had 140,000
subscribers? That's true. But
Anton is like, of course, if he always has
the same title for his live shows,
always, I mean, no, no, it's not like, very,
not two years. Javi is going for you. But why?
Why is he going for
me, for me. Why the [ __ ] is a
year and a
half fair? Do you really think it's
fair? I
have no idea. I'm going to give
the Channel a makeover and I'm going to do 45-minute live shows
and so I do live shows every
day. I sit down for a while, I comment on three
articles.  and I'm off Yeah or two [ __ ] no no
Ah not even 29 better that could be a
joke for someone I sit down for a while I read
three articles and I do live shows every
day
nonsense but well let's see wait there's
more do you think that the interesting thing would be to
do live shows of an hour and leave
well three quarters of an hour half an hour
and leave
good content say Hello Good night
how are you I read you I'm glad I read an
article and I'm off for Who will go to this
for
Consuelo that's what you want
man because
of course we do live shows be careful with
the live shows we do
Hey come on Look at my Marina Look at my Marina who
says that my Marina is in Switzerland getting
cold look what she
says look look
Carmen it's that honestly the team of
scriptwriters I
have practically all of them on
vacation Ah I have 10 people who are
scriptwriters Hey listen to me that about
the 45 minutes is consistent with Maica it
's not that honestly or by Speaking
clearly and to the rabal but Speaking clearly
live Ah well Speaking clearly
lately yes she's doing live shows
but in a super punctual way it has to
be an issue like like  that explodes a lot
No, he's not very live,
the team of scriptwriters,
eh, I have practically all of them on
vacation Yeah, I have 10 people who are
scriptwriters working and they are on
vacation Yeah, the other one who's down
sick, the other one who fell and
twisted her foot and can't, the other one who has a
cold and the four editors who
make the thumbnails, who edit my
videos, it's that everyone is on
vacation so Sure, I'm sorry but
come on, I'm considering that if
tonight we don't reach 141,000
subscribers, I think I'm going to do
live broadcasts every night for 40, 45
minutes and that's it, I'll
bore you with
what I say, I don't say much, I'll bore you, I give you the report of the night of what happened during the day and that's it, ...
well, I don't know who it's for,
who it's for, it
must be that he was
bothered by something that was said in a
live show, eh,
this has to be against
someone who said something about him in a
live show that he didn't like, what he
did, whatever, he behaved badly that's why you
're pissed off. That's it, he
wanted to
riot, it was recorded, I think
this doesn't add up, let's see with me, the
only thing it could be is because it fits with you,
the scriptwriters, no, they're on
vacation, no, well, not on vacation, they're
with this Lares with a
personal issue, no, but luares of the Lares of
the kids, I don't think he or
this one, I don't know, it doesn't smell to me like it's because of me, it smells to me like it's
something
that Maica or
Diego said, more or less because of the duration of the
live shows, no, they cover two or three
topics in the live shows,
no, I don't know, more it fits me because of Mica because it
's More from a diary, Diego, they're not on a
daily live show,
no, family, do you think that
Charlie's Angels would be capable of
rioting, no, no Wait, wait, this
question is  deserves a close-up
family that's why I want to ask the
question Wait, he's been asking questions since 7 in
the evening today
Well I F to pilat
sal but no a
a if he sees that the numbers aren't going up it will be
better but well I don't think he
's caring too much about not raising the number
because if not he would do something no That's why no I don't
know I think he has settled into
his way of his channel at the speed he
talks in an hour he doesn't even have time
to read a headline woman with her hand on her
forehead face rolling with laughter face
rolling with laughter rigorous in
the information face rolling with
laughter face rolling with laughter face rolling with laughter face
rolling with laughter and objective too
face rolling with
laughter but crumb you Who do you think he's
going for I mean I don't know here we're missing something
eh here if we're not missing something
say who it is p
Ho Consuelo's live and you'll
understand that I'm putting today the direc
Ah okay well okay let's see I understand that let's
see I understand that Consuelo's live
is what they sent me now that  comes
behind a week to say to see
was what he wanted to say
Someone has killed
someone I have a secret you
[Music]
know Oh God I don't know what would become of me
if one day I lose you
[Music] you
are living a I like it
Oh God I'm going to tell you one thing it
would be very Unfair but very eh Very very
injo if tomorrow the clips of the
haters were dedicated only to me there I
go
leaving it is called yes it is true but this
live of Antonio viid When did it
happen I can't believe it
eh No I can't believe it eh For
consolation of boss we caught that
But when when did Antonio viid do
live it happens not that when a
person is already used to being
betrayed betrayal one more one
less you know what
happens when a person is already
used to being
betrayed one more one less Oh How much
resignation I see in your eyes
Yes poor thing he Yi Give him some cuddles
Why Do those who
believe they are by my
side betray me I don't understand if all I
do is give
Honey, I don't understand, I attest, I am a notary, I
attest, more faith, I certify, come
on, the notaries certify, the notaries certify. What do you mean, not that word, no, for God's sake, killing each other for the certificate, no, for God's sake [Laughter] [Music] No, please, what a bad time you're giving me tonight, and let's see what Consuelo does, but I'll tell you something in all honesty, piso
is also saying things about Antonio David,
no,
then we have to be fair, and I
think that, uh, this is a war that goes
both ways, no, then Consuelo is
saying, Antonio David is also
starting with the pllas, they're not going to get
involved,
let's say, what's up, who
is it? Tell me, hey, daddy,
forgive me, I'm embarrassed too,
the blows go from one side to the other, of
course, no, no, the truth. Neither is he
going away, neither is he going, one side speaks and the other, no, no, no, not
at me, where do they have to do what he
always has done, he takes out the fan
and spreads [ __ ] with eyes for everyone, he
never betrays him, woman with her hand on her
forehead, woman with her hand on her forehead,
woman with  hand on forehead woman with
hand on forehead you know what's going on
crumb they're making fun of
each other they're making fun of
each other but they're not talking clearly So
we're speculating a thousand things here
what I see with Consuelo is that she comes
the next day here that Consuelo and
the boss come and we do an interview
but so that they tell everything
well Everything good No I'm keeping this to myself this I do
n't know what but everything good Everything everything you know
or rather like Well look such a day Jos
Alcaide told me this about Olga and he told me
this about Antonio Avid and such a day
Antonio Avid told us so much and he told us
Pascual and that's it and then Antonio
Abid can answer whether he wants to or not but
of course go on with this we're not going to see what
Consuelo says is that honestly the team
of scriptwriters
eh I have practically all of them on
vacation I have 10 people who are
scriptwriters working and they are on
vacation the other one who is on
sick leave the other one who fell and
twisted her foot and can't the other one
who has a
cold and the four Editors
submarine It is an active part of the
dirty space space then you will understand
that they have a good support we do
not follow them that they make the thumbnails
that edit my videos it is that
everyone is on vacation ent is Claro I'm
sorry but come on I'm
rethinking that if tonight we do not
reach 141,000 subscribers it is because he is
pissed It is that his channel does not
increase subscribers it is that
those who defend it talk about numbers but it is that he is
stuck he is stuck in
subscribers Listen listen if I
put it again from the beginning What
number does Antonio David have but to see
that he is not working much on
his channel
What a shame eh Because he could have known how to
use this like I mean zero
subscribers have increased in the entire month and
600,000 visits he has in the entire
month I do not know how much they will donate to him
eh I do not know how much they will donate to him And if they will
donate a lot or a little because I do not follow him
but it is true that what a shame eh
Because trust you that this had [ __ ] that it
could look
when the channel was created
Ah we can't see it anymore  but what a shame
that he didn't take advantage of this because it's
been a hell of a business
eh I think I'm going to do a live show every
night for 40 or 45 minutes and that's it I'll bore you
with what I say because I don't say
much I'll bore you I'll give you the
report of the
night yes obviously he's attacking
Javi of course I take it like that too and
m for Claro but and it's not done for three
quarters of an hour or an hour where Javi does
telesalseo and does the main show and does
salsera and sometimes he's gone all out So
Javi spends all day
editing that he has editors Of course
because he has three channels Ah but it's
supposed to be a lower price for me
because I have a team but And
why would that be a
disdain, I mean why do you think that he's
disdaining me for having a
team that makes the thumbnails helps with
the scripts with the stashes and with and with
editing the videos with the montage that
you think you're criticizing that
would be very pathetic to criticize that no I mean it's
like  if you start a company and
criticize having employees and
stuff like that wouldn't that be very pathetic
No I don't think that's it
no I'll tell you properly says
Consuelo But why don't you get up there now and
tell us everything tell
us everything What's all the
fuss here about what's going on What's the
deal you guys
have and on the main page Javi Oliveira
when he did a live show the other day 16,000
18,000 almost
200,000 it's really pathetic
And what was I getting so few views
This video with almost 400,000 views the
other day about Michelo and Nicols
Maduro is not mine the video this other
video with 200,000 views of Michelo and
Diosdado Cabello is not mine This video with
100,000 views of Anabel Pantoja is not mine
This video with 300,000 views of Anabel
Pantoja is not
mine This video with 300,000 views with a guy
is not mine I mean it made me laugh a lot
these days not from people to
but it's that look look at
Javi's numbers Look at the numbers he's having
because he's talking about
his friend's controversy and that I have bad numbers at
another time Javi Consuelo is
starting up the computer Ah come on Okay then we
give it to him or rather really but why no I don't
understand what about Well of course I have to
call someone to help me with
the thumbnails so that they are more
professional
and Well of course I have an editor who is
editing the videos while I
'm doing live shows that are
nonsense right I mean right now while
I'm doing live shows Well the
Editors are editing the videos
Yes tell me Hi Javi Look I'm Olga from
Madrid I think she says it for Consuelo
eh I don't know if Consuelo doesn't see herself
reflected but it's that you are not the
prototype of nor that he does live shows of
45 minutes of course nor that nor that you give it to the
pir as they have
insinuated with the space of the other his
companies it was never cone for a that the
Hub employees and partners who denounced
the editor you see that he got rich face
rolling around laughing face
rolling around with the Tell me No no that's what I
wanted to tell you that Consuelo might be
confused but it seems very clear to me
that it's directed at them and if you connect it
with the space of the others who worship
this Divo and and attack Consuelo
and the boss so much and such it doesn't add up to me at
all because you don't fit the profile
the other day I swallowed Well I swallowed I suffered
the next day I couldn't even hold
my body the FR live that we're going to
do an association of those affected by you
like a zombie then 7 hours but 7 hours
people hooked Because it was 7 hours that did
n't B but so hooked that I couldn't
even sleep and I said but will it be kid
that the next day I have to get
up early 7 hours walking Cristina
eh Also I also tell you but 7 hours
that doesn't come down It's that I think you were
glued there to everyone I mean it was a blast that's
why it doesn't add up to me at all 45
minute live shows well you  No, it's ready Consuelo's
floor It's ready Consuelo is going up
eh Consuelo is going up eh Ah well Hey,
maybe I'm wrong eh but it
suits me more that it goes for them both than for
you so I'm going to prepare it so that
Consuelo goes up come on a kiss kiss beautiful
thank you very much Adi Well there Olga from
Madrid has called us you know that from
time to time you can call to
participate in the program okay I'm going to
prepare something okay for now over
here obviously I'm going to mute and you're
going to forgive me okay Yes
your messages and
your super chat are going to appear on the screen but they are not going to sound
because if I'm going to be talking to
Consuelo I'm going to mute it So the
first thing I have to do
is
mute that give me a second to
turn off the
sound asoc
[ __ ] but don't see I mean on top of that
we're bringing the other day a historic live
okay a historic live with all the
protagonists okay I mean all the
protagonists a historic live eh 7
hours of which not
a single [ __ ] minute can be wasted okay
Okay then  the next day everyone is
critical the next day everyone is
critical